this is black the summer 13 which is Vic
fix got a suit bro of course that means
he's got great acceleration great top
speed a little bit tricky for him
through the corners so if you have the
golf or the Fiat or lexus you should be
in pretty good shape
as long as you can take a course pretty
well he's not very hard at all
now personally I don't think flames look
on any car but aside from that his car
is pretty nice looking from for the
flames and the strange color on the rims
I'd like it
now both the Vics races are sprints
the first one has few highway parts the
second one is mostly in the city so
really the harder one should be the
first one
for collage is pretty much necessary if
you want to get the leg up from
don't drain it all because you might get
later
take corners as clean as you can but if
a little bit too much don't don't be
afraid to use a little bit nitrous to
get back some speed
chances are that really no matter how
bad your turn is hit make one
not worse
through these narrow roads is really
important to look out for cars be on
your best lookout not to hit them
coming up through here is where your
golf
if you can take these corners right if
you do she'll be a lot farther behind
and you should be a little bit distance
of chick you guys
I went the wrong way here this way
they cat a little trouble growth with
this short code here is of course a
necessity in any race so be sure to take
it
now this is where you will notice
vikkstar ting to catch up to you because
his car is faster than yours
save your nitrous in case it gets too
close for comfort
fortunately our shortcut there's blocked
off
but we'll just go around the other side
the section here he'll probably start
catching up to you there's a lot of
hills and jumps and evolution on speed
this is also where it's the most tricky
because of little inlets and outlets and
understeer
make you take some pretty odd corners
and he'll probably pass you
now even less is late in the race just
keep your cool and
second race is mostly in the city
if you can take the corner
especially here at the beginning don't
want to use too much nitrous here
you different passes you try to refrain
to lunch
see he'll slow down a lot more for these
terms than you have to
can catch up to him
the corners as slow as you want
faster he
roads have to make sure that you
look out for cars and
after a term like that
the mattress is taking asleep
coming up here is the infamous back and
forth sort of a figure eight pattern
where supra is
one of the worst cars for
your golf however
it's a lot better but no car
avoid hitting the outer curb in
you someone flip
just try to say in the inside
the shortcut here on the right is pretty
good
cut this corner I've seen some races
lost just because you can't take that
it all comes down to drain your
knightress of have to do whatever you
can to win
now thick scar is a great car to have if
you don't have his car you'll want to
strive to get Izzy's rx8 if you don't
get however your golf will do just fine